# Total revenue of Arsenal FC from 2013/14 to 2022/23 📈

Nestled in the heart of North London, Arsenal Football Club stands as an emblem of tradition, excellence, and enduring legacy in the world of football. Established in 1886 as Dial Square, Arsenal is one of the oldest football clubs in London, with a history that spans over a century. From its humble beginnings in Woolwich, South London, to its relocation to the iconic Highbury Stadium in 1913, the club’s journey is steeped in triumphs, challenges, and unwavering fan loyalty. As the club ventured into the 21st century, its financial trajectory became increasingly intertwined with the dynamic landscape of modern football, Arsenal FC, one of the prominent football clubs in England, has experienced a rollercoaster ride in terms of its financial performance over the past decade. From the highs of significant revenue boosts to the lows of slight dips, the club’s financial trajectory reflects the dynamic nature of the football industry. In this article, we delve into the total revenue generated by Arsenal FC from the 2013/14 season to the 2022/23 season, analyzing key trends and insights along the way. Getting Started

To run this project, you'll need to have Python 3 and the following libraries installed:

    Matplotlib
    NumPy
    
You can install these libraries using pip:

pip install matplotlib numpy

# Contributing 📤

If you'd like to contribute to this project, feel free to fork this repository and submit a pull request with your changes. Please make sure to follow the Python style guide and include tests for any new functionality.

# Statistics Analysis 📈

Here’s a breakdown of the revenue figures for each season:

- 2013/14: €359 million.
- 2014/15: €436 million.
- 22015/16: €469 million.
- 2016/17: €488 million.
- 2017/18: €439 million.
- 2018/19: €445 million.
- 2019/20: €388 million.
- 2020/21: €367 million.
- 2021/22: €433 million.
- 2022/23: €533 million.

# Credits 💳

This project was created by @SeifAjax04. The data used in this project was obtained from Deloitte.

# Thanks 💜

Thank you all for your support and encouragement!
Keep up the good work, and happy coding!

